---
title: SBEA 2020
author: xforeal 
type: post
date: 2020-01-20T13:23:41+00:00
excerpt: |
  |
    <p>A sneak look of what can be normal from SBEA+ 2020 | SBEA+ moving to Speke Resort Munyonyo for 2020 | Warm greeting to new Silver Sponsor The sixth version of the eminent Sports Betting East Africa+ summit will currently occur on 21 and 22 April 2020 at Speke Resort Munyonyo, Uganda </p>


image : images/news/2020/01/Без-имени-2-1200x450.jpg
categories:
  - news
tags:
  - 2020
  - SBEA

---
**<u>A sneak look of what can be normal from SBEA+ 2020 | SBEA+ moving to Speke Resort Munyonyo for 2020 | Warm greeting to new Silver Sponsor </u>**

The sixth release of the famous Sports Betting East Africa+ summit will presently happen on 21 and 22 April 2020 at Speke Resort Munyonyo, Uganda.

Sports Betting East Africa+ has been an indispensable summit and show for African administrators, controllers, makers, installment and programming suppliers and different partners to meet, share encounters, see the most recent gaming advancements and add to the general improvement of the gaming business over the district for as long as six years.

SBEA+ 2020 will expand on what the occasion has just accomplished by having an administrator first plan intended to enable administrators through open discourse with all applicable industry partners – be they operational, administrative or advertise related.

SBEA+ has reliably end up being not simply a regarded gaming summit and show, yet in addition a fundamental concentration for African administrators, controllers and other industry game players. Every previous release of the summit has been set apart by incredible achievement and SBEA+ 2020 will be no special case to the rule.

Always over current improvements in the realm of gaming, the Eventus International group is eager to let partners have a careless look at what they can hope to reveal at the two-day summit.

Join the SBEA+ 2020 summit and find a workable pace with:

  * The betting expense structure in Uganda
  * Mobile gaming opportunities
  * The improvements molding the eventual fate of sports wagering in Africa
  * The job of administrators in item innovation
  * What can be gained from Europe and the remainder of the world

Many other topical issues will be investigated, so don’t pass up the chance to be a piece of these fundamental discussions.

We might likewise want to stretch out a warm greeting to our new SBEA Silver Sponsor, BETWINNER!

BETWINNER Sportsbook incorporates more than 1,000 occasions daily.

Over 400,000 online clients wager with BETWINNER.com.

They attempt to give you the best experience.

They utilize an individual methodology for each accomplice, assisting with boosting benefits by considering the idiosyncrasies of the stage the accomplice is willing to use.

BETWINNER organization was established in 2007 and throughout the years an incredible group of profoundly experienced experts was formed.

As an outcome, BetWinner bookmaker organization came into the online market in 2016 and started to quickly win the consideration and trust of gamblers.

It depends on great quality substance and commendable odds.

One of the key points of interest contrasted with different organizations is the “low base players” effect.

Betwinner is very youthful; they didn’t have an enormous number of dynamic players who wager on sports. This implies it is a lot simpler for their accomplices to monetise their traffic, which gives them extraordinary open doors for scaling and growth.

To praise the jump year in the entirety of its brilliance, Eventus International will offer a 15% rebate on all Delegate passes!

Take a jump in 2020 and go to our lineup of energizing worldwide gaming occasions! **Offer closes 31 Jan 2020.**

To enroll and verify your seat at SBEA+ 2020, click here.

**Contact us presently to discover how your organization can profit at SBEA+ 2020:**

Contact Eventus International’s Marketing Director, Lou-Mari Burnett, to develop your business in East Africa with our sponsorship and show bundles for SBEA+ 2020.

Lou-Mari Burnett

Marketing Director

Eventus International

Email: loumari@eventus-international.com

Phone: +27829075850

Eventus International is a dynamic, summit and presentation organization that associates heads with pioneers and transforms opportunity into probability. We use our tremendous systems and aptitude to make ground breaking summits that adjust best practice and industry improvement to engaging substance and remarkable systems administration opportunities.

Our summits and displays have gained notoriety for social occasion essential partners in the business to examine the eventual fate of the gaming area. We work in productive vertical ventures with critical global development potential while advancing the development of rising markets.

Every summit we produce is intended to give down to earth answers for vital, strategic and specialized difficulties and shed light on new open doors in the sector.

We are famous for delivering selective, specialty occasions, facilitating C-Level official crowds and assembling leaders under a similar rooftop while guaranteeing sexual orientation assorted variety and incorporation throughout.

The exclusive expectations that we set for ourselves are answerable for the achievement of occasions, for example, the Sports Betting East Africa+, SPiCE India, Sports Betting West Africa+, Cyprus Gaming Show, Scandinavian Gaming Show, AI In Gaming, International Lottery Play Summit, iGaming Germany (iGG), All-in Gaming Ukraine Summit, Gaming & Affiliate Marketing Expo (GAME), Gaming Expo Francophone Africa, ACE (Affiliate Conference & Expo) 2020, Play Social – Social Gaming China and the All American Sports Betting Summit.